## 0x04. C - More functions, more nested loops

[0-isupper.c](./0-isupper.c) - Write a function that checks for uppercase character.

- Prototype: int \_isupper(int c);
- Returns 1 if c is uppercase
- Returns 0 otherwise

[1-isdigit.c](./1-isdigit.c) - Write a function that checks for a digit (0 through 9).

- Prototype: int \_isdigit(int c);
- Returns 1 if c is a digit
- Returns 0 otherwise

[2-mul.c](./2-mul.c) - Write a function that multiplies two integers.

- Prototype: int mul(int a, int b);

[3-print_numbers.c](./3-print_numbers.c) - Write a function that prints the numbers, from 0 to 9, followed by a new line.

- Prototype: void print_numbers(void);
- You can only use \_putchar twice in your code

[4-print_most_numbers.c](./4-print_most_numbers.c) - Write a function that prints the numbers, from 0 to 9, followed by a new line.

Prototype: void print_most_numbers(void);
Do not print 2 and 4
You can only use \_putchar twice in your code

[5-more_numbers.c](./5-more_numbers.c) - Write a function that prints 10 times the numbers, from 0 to 14, followed by a new line.

- Prototype: void more_numbers(void);
- You can only use \_putchar three times in your code

[6-abs.c](./6-abs.c) - Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

- Prototype: int \_abs(int);

[7-print_last_digit.c](./7-print_last_digit.c) - Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

- Prototype: int print_last_digit(int);
- Returns the value of the last digit

[8-24_hours.c](./8-24_hours.c) - Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

- Prototype: void jack_bauer(void);
- You can listen to [this soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btAfXqgMkPs) while coding :)

[9-times_table.c](./9-times_table.c) - Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

- Prototype: void times_table(void);
- Format: see example

[10-add.c](./10-add.c) - Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

- Prototype: int add(int, int);

[11-print_to_98.c](./11-print_to_98.c) - Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

- Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
- Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
- Numbers should be printed in order
- The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
- The last printed number should be 98
- You are allowed to use the standard library

[100-times_table.c](./100-times_table.c) - Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

- Prototype: void print_times_table(int n);
- If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything
- Format: see example

[101-natural.c](./101-natural.c) - If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

- You are allowed to use the standard library

[102-fibonacci.c](./102-fibonacci.c) - Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

- The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
- You are allowed to use the standard library

[103-fibonacci.c](./103-fibonacci.c) - Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

- You are allowed to use the standard library

[104-fibonacci.c](./104-fibonacci.c) - Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

- The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
- You are allowed to use the standard library
- You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
- You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
- You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
